Major Editorial Update (#826)
ethereum-oasis-op/baseline: docs/governance/governance.md

Contributions to the open source repo shall be under creative commons public domain license [(CC0 1.0 Universal)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

In order to ensure clean IPR that allows the Baseline Protocol to remain an open technology, OASIS rules require an [Entity CLA](https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/projects/cla/projects-entity-cla) for persons or organizations contributing on behalf of a legal entity, and an [Individual CLA](http://cla-assistant.io/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline) for community contributions. You must [sign the ICLA](http://cla-assistant.io/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline) before your pull requests to the baseline repository will be merged. [Check here](https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/projects/cla/projects-view-entity-cla) to see if your company has signed the ECLA.

## Code of Conduct <a href="#code-of-conduct" id="code-of-conduct"></a>

> ​Here is the link to the official [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/blob/master/CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​Here is the official [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/blob/main/CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md).
```
